README.md, before:

# CS9-DontSendThatEmail (Check My Tone)
<!-- One paragraph of project description goes here -->
Welcome to DontSendThatEmail (Check My Tone)! Please see our links below in the Deployment section. 

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
<!-- Will we need this being we are deploying? -->
What things you need to install the software and how to install them.
```
give examples
```

### Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running. Say what the step will be.
```
Give the example
```

And repeat
```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo.

## Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

### Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why.
```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why.
```
Give an example
```

## Deployment
<!-- Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system. -->
Heroku: https://dontemail.herokuapp.com/
Netlify: https://dont-email-us.netlify.com/

## Built With
* [MERN Stack](link here) - The stack used
* [Watson Tone Analyzer API](link here) - Note about
* [React-Strap](link here) - Note about 
<!-- Maybe we touch on context and draft.js?  -->

## Versioning
<!-- Not sure if we need or want? -->

## Authors
See the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Lambda-School-Labs/CS9-DontSendThatEmail/graphs/contributors) who participated in making this project. 

## License
<!-- Not sure if we need or want? -->
This project is licensed under... 

## Acknowledgments
* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* Etc

Commit message:

Updated intro/description section of README

README.md, after:

# CS9-DontSendThatEmail (Check My Tone)
How many times have you written an email or other communication and spent a significant amount of time worrying about how your intended audience would interpret your message? Maybe you worried it would come across as too angry, too analytical or had a target objective in mind and wanted to be sure you were optimizing your tone in such a way to achieve your desired outcome. With "Check My Tone", you can create your written communications with confidence as the Watson Tone Analyzer utilizes deep linguistic analytic technology, providing you with an automated way to detect and understand the present tones in your messages. "Check My Tone" - the key to refining and improving your tone to help you achieve more impactful communication results!   

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
<!-- Will we need this being we are deploying? -->
What things you need to install the software and how to install them.
```
give examples
```

### Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running. Say what the step will be.
```
Give the example
```

And repeat
```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo.

## Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

### Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why.
```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why.
```
Give an example
```

## Deployment
<!-- Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system. -->
Heroku: https://dontemail.herokuapp.com/
Netlify: https://dont-email-us.netlify.com/

## Built With
* [MERN Stack](link here) - The stack used
* [Watson Tone Analyzer API](link here) - Note about
* [React-Strap](link here) - Note about 
<!-- Maybe we touch on context and draft.js?  -->

## Versioning
<!-- Not sure if we need or want? -->

## Authors
See the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Lambda-School-Labs/CS9-DontSendThatEmail/graphs/contributors) who participated in making this project. 

## License
<!-- Not sure if we need or want? -->
This project is licensed under... 

## Acknowledgments
* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* Etc
